hey there guys i'm john from fast films
and today we're covering a 2019 american
horror movie called child's play
starting with a commercial from castle
incorporation the movie shows the
release of a self-learning a i developed
baby doll named budai who can interact
react and play with the kids
intelligently as well as serve as a host
for the caslin devices installed all
around the house as well as other
communal services from the castle and
corp the scenario then shifts to the
caslin factory where hundreds of buddies
are being made
one particular worker stalls at his work
and is immediately bashed by his
superior
the officer barks his final sentence to
the worker who'll get fired after
finishing up his last piece of buddha
the worker is extremely frustrated and
he reprograms the doll and removes all
the safety protocols
afterwards the worker commits suicide by
jumping from the roof and dropping on a
car
the film now flips to a supermarket
where the counter clerk named karen
engages with a customer who complains
about the doll's race and points to
buddha too remarking that it's the one
he wants
karen replies that it isn't out yet upon
which the guy buys it anyway
after finishing her job she returns to
her apartment building where a creepy
looking maintenance guy stares at her
she ignores him and proceeds into the
lift to reach her apartment where her
kid named andy is using his phone
his mother jokes around for a bit and
snatches the phone away
andy complains about it and in the reply
karen walks to the window to see two
other kids below and she asks him to go
out and make friends
unwillingly andy strolls outside but
doesn't meet the kids and sits outside
to kill the time
the following day a woman returns with a
faulty package of buddha stating that
his eyes turn red and it doesn't
function well
after returning the customer her money
karen takes the doll to the dispatch
area where she forces the guy named wes
to give it to her for andy's birthday on
the other hand andy returns home to find
his mother making out with her boyfriend
shane right in front of the door
after having to see the demeaning site
andy goes down the hall where his
neighbor named detective mike meets him
in the interim mike's mother calls for
him and karen also arrives there
mike introduces himself but after a
useless joke he returns to his apartment
while karen takes andy back inside to
present him with the buddha
the signs of excitement fade away from
andy's face as the present unwraps to be
the doll
he simply regards it as an old toy for
the kids but karen insists on trying it
upon connecting it buddha gets alive and
his eyes flicker between the red and
blue
it scans andy's face and calls him his
best friend furthermore he names himself
chucky in the meantime andy
exasperatingly tries to make him perform
simple tasks but the doll keeps on
malfunctioning upon which karen heaves a
sigh of disappointment in order to not
make her feel bad andy hugs his mother
and assures that it's okay
afterwards he walks chucky into his room
where the doll gets introduced to rooney
the cat and he follows the abuse that
andy speaks about
rather surprised andy continues and
shows him the sketchbook before getting
ready to bed as andy takes off his shoes
chucky sings the buddha song which
irritates andy late at night chucky
starts singing on his own and andy's
frustration peaks
eventually chucky gets quiet and bids a
creepy good night to him
the next morning chucky follows every
step that andy performs from brushing
teeth to preparing breakfast as andy
leaves for school upon returning he
finds chuckie waiting for him at the
door while karen lays asleep in shane's
arm
in the meantime chucky offers andy a
busted stick as a present after which he
takes the doll out and they both sit
together like best friends
andy rants about shane's inconvenience
while chucky assures that he'll never
leave andy later that night they both
play the board game when suddenly rooney
scratches andy he winces in pain and
goes to get a band-aid on his back
chucky is triggered and he proceeds to
strangle the cat as it inflicted harm to
andy the kid returns back and speaks to
chucky about how he must not harm any
humans or cats
afterwards they sit in the hallway where
andy tries to teach chucky some eerie
facial expressions in order to freak out
shane
just then the two kids named fallon and
pug walk in on them and marvel at the
fact how chucky is able to do all the
things freely the neighborhood kids join
in with andy on the adventure to freak
out shane and they successfully do it as
chucky barges in unchained while he's
getting drinks from the fridge preceding
this little stunt the kids now become
friends with each other fallon and pug
get introduced to karen who surprised
and pleased as well on this astonishing
change in andy's life meanwhile the kids
proceed to watch a slasher film with
chucky as the characters brutalize and
skin each other chucky watches and
learns while all the kids enjoy
themselves
therefore he proceeds to the kitchen and
returns with a knife in order to stab
them but andy pins him down
suddenly chucky cuts his arm but gets
isolated in the darkened room as a
punishment the scene now shifts into the
morning where shane gets up to grab some
beer but is suddenly startled by chucky
who's standing on the counter his
speaker starts playing andy's voice
stating shane's such an [ __ ]
repeatedly
upon hearing that andy gets a scolding
from karen and she puts chuckie in a
cabinet and locks it away for good
despite andy's complaints the following
day andy returns from school to find the
cabinet shattered looking further for
chucky he discovers that he has killed
rooney andy starts crying in desperation
and throws the cat's remains down the
garbage chute
later karen looks for the cat but andy
simply gives a lame excuse for its
missing late at night andy wakes up and
finds chucky in a corner playing the
shrieking snarls of rooney the scenario
shifts to the next day where andy
returns home to find chucky sitting
weirdly at the table
just then shane and karen emerge from
the side and andy immediately walks to
his room
shane complains about his behavior and
goes away while karen tries to
communicate with chucky but gets no
response
later that night as shane pees in the
bathroom chucky suddenly appears on his
side and andy's voice starts playing
burning in anguish shane barges into
andy's room and throws the doll across
the floor
afterwards he proceeds to threaten andy
into speaking trash on his face
the scared kid doesn't utter a word but
chucky records everything in his memory
and watches andy cry wishing for shane
to leave them outside the apartment mike
watches the couple argue but ignores it
as shane leaves before pinning all the
blame on karen
the rude man leaves in his car and it is
revealed that shane is actually a family
man with a wife and two daughters
later that night he walks out and puts
up a ladder to take out the christmas
lights from the roof but at that time
the ladder sways sideways all of a
sudden
shane drops hard on his feet and twists
his ankles horribly he groans in pain
and calls for his wife but nobody
listens to his cries
suddenly his phone starts to ring at
some distance and he crawls towards it
through the watermelon field but chucky
turns on the lawnmower
the blades spin viciously and the
machine drives towards shane as he
crawls on his belly towards safety
just before the blades could sever his
head he stops the lawnmower but little
does he expect chucky jumps on his chest
with glowing red eyes and states that
nobody hurts his best buddy
with that he lifts up the knife and
chain tries to stop the attack but the
lawnmower's blades rip his scalp off
while chucky stabs him to death as well
the following morning the detectives
arrive on the murder scene and find
shane's face completely skinned to the
flesh and bone
on the other hand andy wakes up to
witness the horrifying sight of shane's
skin plastered to a melon by nails he
whimpers in fright and confronts chucky
while the doll simply replays andy's own
voice wanting shane to be gone
andy gets frightened as hell and locks
chucky in his wardrobe afterwards he
calls fallon and pug who immediately
freak out upon the disturbing sight
pug vomits in disgust while fallon
suggests hiding the evidence immediately
therefore the kids wrap the head in
colorful wrapping paper and try to leave
the apartment to throw it down the trash
chute but karen catches them she
inquires about the package and andy
makes up a story about sending it to
mike's mother doreen but it reverses
back on him as karen accompanies him to
doreen's door
the aged woman comes out and happily
accepts the present karen asks her to
open it but suddenly andy jumps forward
and requests her to open it on his own
birthday
doreen happily agrees and goes inside
meanwhile andy meets his friends and
they formulate a plan later that night
andy takes chucky out of the closet and
lures him into another room where pug
and fallon hit him and try to pry out
his cpu chucky squeals for help and
looks up to andy before finally shutting
down
andy looks at him in grief and later the
three of them wrap him up and throw him
down the garbage chute
afterwards the maintenance guy finds
chucky in the trash and his expressions
light up with joy he brings the doll to
his workshop where cctv cameras are
installed
meanwhile andy returns home where karen
mourns in grief and he proceeds to
console her
later he walks over to mike's house to
have dinner as they all talk around the
table doreen claims that andy's her best
friend now which chucky catches on the
cctv
in the meantime andy's attention is
pasted to the wrapped head on the
showcase
mike notices it and brings it to the
table but none is uncovered the elders
then get up to wash the dishes and
behind their back andy rushes outside
and takes the package with him to
ultimately throw it down the garbage
chute
back at the workshop the maintenance guy
installs a new core and chucky wakes up
the guy jumps in triumph but his
attention goes to the cctv where karen
is preparing for a bath
the pervert starts getting aroused but
chucky starts messing up with the
castlin devices all around to make them
unresponsive
amidst all of that the doll starts
stabbing the guy his chest and legs get
brutally lacerated and he climbs up on
the saw table
suddenly chucky turns on the saw blade
and using that he kills the guy
ruthlessly
the same night the kid named omar gets
the doll as a package and all the others
gather around to watch the show while
andy eyes buddai suspiciously his
suspicions are confirmed the next
morning as buddha walks up to him and
repeats the same words from chucky's
memory andy gets frightened when
suddenly shane's violence video and his
severed head starts appearing on the
screens
extremely ravaged he pins chucky to the
ground while omar comes to shove him
away and they indulge in a vicious fight
as chucky watches with red eyes both the
guys brawl on and are separated karen
arrives and checks on andy just then he
proceeds to grab his earpiece and finds
omar's phone as well
later the kids sit around and discuss
how andy's not their friend meanwhile
andy connects to chucky through omar's
phone
on the other hand doreen leaves for
bingo by ordering a castlin car
she proudly walks to receive the ride
while andy suddenly notices chuckie
following her in order to warn the lady
he dashes down the building but it's too
late and doreen leaves in her car
after a smooth drive she arrives at the
destination but just before she can get
out the car malfunctions and reverses at
a rapid speed
it spins and comes face to face with
chucky who uses his finger to spin the
car again
he also disengages all the safety
mechanisms and crashes the vehicle into
another parked car
as doreen regains consciousness chucky
springs up beside her and stabs her to
death in the meantime andy tries to
convince karen that chuckie is evil but
she doesn't listen to him and leaves to
return omar's phone
afterwards andy sits all alone and
suddenly finds pug and fallon on tv
discussing his craziness
in the meantime chucky's voice echoes
from all the devices in andy breaks
every single one of it as he trashes the
whole place up with the baseball bat
karen returns and stares at the
destruction in disbelief
on the other hand mike discovers his
mother's dead body and the kids also
sense the abnormality of the environment
they proceed to meet outside where they
find out that doreen was actually killed
and andy is in danger in the interim
mike gets the photos of shane's skin
face wrapped in a present paper
meanwhile at the mart people wait for
the releases of buddai 2 and the buddha
bear while wes prepares to be the mascot
andy analyzes the new product when his
friends arrive and warn him about chucky
on the other end the countdown starts
and mike jumps in through the crowd and
arrests andy despite his warnings mike
calls him up but the crowd jumps barges
in and runs towards the stage where wes
walks out from the curtain but gets
slashed at the neck by chucky
therefore he staggers to the floor and
reveals his worsening condition
meanwhile the store's lights go out and
chucky guides the castle and drones to
kill people which causes a huge stampede
in the supermarket the people escape
while andy is cuffed to a trolley his
friends try to locate him and save him
just in time as an evil buddha bear
approaches to attack him
they all run but just before slipping
away karen's restrained video plays on
the tvs
andy scoots his friends away in advances
to save his mother while holding a
chainsaw in an axe
he walks through the old storage area
where a police toy car leads him to
another area where his mother is
standing totally bound by ropes
in the interim chucky talks to him and
states that he's going to make everyone
go away as they ruin their fun
after his threatening talk chucky knocks
down andy after the blackout we witness
chucky dragging a knife across the floor
while karen gets lifted up in the air
with a noose around her neck
meanwhile chucky climbs on andy's chest
with glowing red eyes and just before it
can kill him andy thrusts him away and
starts to climb in order to cut karen's
rope her body withers in struggle and
andy jumps on the rope to cut it chucky
attacks him up there as well but andy
finally cuts off the rope and they fall
down
afterwards he stabs chucky in the chest
and he's further fired upon by mike with
that the day is saved in the final
moments we witnessed the kid smashing up
the doll and henry caslen announcing
another release
meanwhile another buddha lights up with
red eyes and the film ends
thanks for watching guys